A couple of friends. It seems... I'm not super worried about that one. The Mirror, kind of what I'm more concerned about now because of the the variation in lists. 

Like, it feels like there's just way too much stuff to try to play around. So having to decide, you know, like which potential triggers are not that bad or like which potential turns I have to just accept versus trying to play around them has been kind of difficult given that variation. And then Rosie Law as well is still... I just haven't had very many games against that. 

But I've got footage for the Mirror, but I don't have any footage for Rosie Law games. Okay, okay, we can try to cover that. Okay, let's start with what you have.

And move to the other one. I'm seeing a lot of people is dropping the Rosinante anyway, so I don't know if that's a coincidence or just a random thing. I think this matchup is going to be very popular anyway, so it's simple to understand.

So here I end up going second. The Mulligan part is pretty easy, like I'm never going to keep that. Of course, this is bad.

And then the next part here is I end up getting a lot of two-cost bodies, so it's kind of difficult to decide the sequencing of how to play them or which ones to play. Okay, so there is actually a general rule for that. The Pong play is always the best one, just because it's a bridge.

At the same time, you got to understand that the Mister one can swing. So for example, if you're like the player reacting, because most of the times you will have like, you will be the one swinging first, and then your opponent might trade into you. And some other times you might be the one trading into them.

And most of the times the Mister one already has enough power to swing without don'ts. So that is the main difference. But generally speaking, the Pong play is always better just because it's non-counter.

Okay, yeah. And that's kind of the decision that I was going with here. I took the boa to set up for late game, because I have a feeling that this matchup is going to end up with whoever runs out of freezes first going second.

I'm kind of low on 2k with this hand, but I'm not really sure. So like this event, I'm not going to need it in the next couple of turns. The 2k, so it was between the boa and the 2k.

I ended up just taking the boa to set up for later, since I have the brook. I think the reason is correct on the boa, but it's kind of greedy to not pick the 2k here. Because now you're going to the 2k, so you're going to be fine.

But next turn, potentially your opponent might go 666. And if he goes triple 6 and you don't have 2k, you just lose the game. So it's just to be safe.

You still have time to draw the boa. Next turn you're going to have 6 nones anyway. So the boa is going to actually enter that late.

Yeah. But yeah, I understand what you mean with that. Okay.

So I'm going to play that. And then this is where I wasn't sure whether to play the luffy and swing. Swing to like a 5 and a 6 or to swing the leader for 5 and then develop another body.

Since he only has 0 costs and 1k's, I ended up swinging with Mr. 1. So because he'd have to either swing lead or invest non. And playing the luffy. So I went 5-6 luffy.

I see. I mean, sometimes you can swing with your boa just to block his main set. Maybe I would have played the bounty here.

Okay. I just was mostly wanting to search because I didn't feel like I would have a very good follow up. Like, I don't know why, but playing 2, playing like another Yvonne Cobb over my own bodies would feel kind of bad if I didn't swing.

And then the other option would be playing the 2 costs and that didn't feel great either. I think one of the most common mistakes in the mirror match is to have this feel of like missing stuff where actually it's all about the value generation. And then threatening to counter play your opponent's board, basically.

So in this case, his board is not really threatening. So you're not really in a rush to develop anything. I mean, of course, when you reach 6 stones, usually one of the best things you can do is either play the Hawk or the bugging to prison.

But your board is full now. So that's also why sometimes maybe you want to expose the whole board. Because, for instance, here, if you would have decided to just go 5-6-6, you would have gained time because then he needs to turn his board into your board.

And his board now is very weak because he has bound plays. So he needs to sign it on. And if he does that, then you can counter play on the bound plays and then reestablish board.

Like this thing that he just did is good for you. This is what we were saying about the fact that Mr. One sometimes is better. Yeah.

Actually, what he just did was wrong. You see, he could have just swung 5 on 2 and then swing 6 leads. Then he could have passed for an extra turn.

Or like at least 2K. OK. That's good to counter.

Usually, you want to stay in self-defense. But see how your opponent played this character. His next turn, what he can do is either he fully trades your board and redevelops.

Or he just goes everything face. And then he's going to freeze something out of your board. But then you need to counter trade his board.

And then in his turn, he's just going to develop again and go face. And then you're always on the chase. So it's still OK.

I'm not sure. And then this. Had to take some time to think about this because I wasn't sure.

I think I started attacking to force him to trade into the board. Well, what was your thought process on this turn? You said, well, probably I would have swung more than 5. Honestly, at this point, I wasn't 100% sure. I think I might.

Because we played several games back to back. But I think I might have started swinging into the crocodile here. Just because the rest of his board is weak.

And since we're both at about 3 life, this way I might get cards out of hand. But I might be thinking of the wrong game. Yeah, if I would ask you now, like you had to restart this turn, what would you want to do? In general, without having information.

Yeah, I think probably just swing 6 at lead. Because if you fully go on the crocodile, you're making his lead at 6,000. Yeah.

It's always wrong to chase his board. I always go face whenever I have the chance. If I need to go on the crocodile, I need to go there with the aim to kill it.

Not with the aim to pass. Otherwise, it doesn't make sense. Because now you are investing a whole turn to kill a body.

Yeah. You gave him a whole turn. You didn't advance your game plan.

And now he went ahead. Basically, I would just let this go. Next turn, I just trade trades.

Swing with everything. Develop two bodies. Pass.

I can't see him. OK. That's too much.

You can also speed up a little bit. On the three dots. Trade.

Play the ball. Actually, playing this ball by your opponent is wrong as well. Playing the ball first is very weak.

Yeah. Because I just had to go frozen for most of the game. Because now you will just go ball, and then he's at 3, and then he's at 3, and then ball again, and then she will never swing.

So actually, he also gave you an extra turn of play. I think I don't remember what I did here. I think I kind of just Evonked up there.

It's because I already had the boa. Yeah. Everybody hates the Evonked.

They always discard it. I actually like it. OK.

I think this is my eight turn. OK. Yeah.

But actually, by countering on the pinnacle, he didn't swing with the crocodile. He kept the crocodile. Yeah.

That's also wrong. You always swing with a six-case. You never keep them standing.

Actually, you don't achieve anything by keeping the crocodile. Unless, of course, you just develop it. OK.

Now he's behind. You're ahead with the race of damage. Because he lost a lot of swings.

All these spawn plays he developed in the early game, he never used. And then the rest of this is just kind of freezing boas and chasing the board. That's fine.

Yeah. Very good topic. Oh, yeah.

The second boa? Yeah, yeah. She's very good. If he would have found the second boa, he would have been in a good spot.

But you can always answer with bomb instead, too, as well. Yeah. But he's still behind in this game.

OK. He thinks for a while here. At this point, I started kind of regretting countering out with that Ivankov.

Yeah. That's why I always try to give it as much as possible. Because actually, the Bruker is not going to help you in the mirror match.

Because even if you restand the boa, you deny that blocker. So actually, even the resting effect, it doesn't do anything. Yeah, the Ivankov can't really find a follow-up.

OK, now you got it. Maybe you draw a crocodile. OK.

All the counters going together. So now I can go swing, swing, swing, swing. Yeah, what he just did, you should do as well if you have the chance.

I mean, it's all a war of resources on the board and in the hands, basically. So that's 99% of the time your main objective, honestly. It's very difficult to understand when you're actually ahead.

But the thing that you can try to do to understand that is, like, cards in hand, life, and which characters you actually have on board. Everything that is not a 6K or more is just, like, ephemeral, basically. So that's usually the thought process behind it.

That's why, like, for example, developing Buggy and Prisoner early on, it's very strong in the mirror match. Because those guys are going to stick for a long time. But also, I would always avoid to have swings.

Like, yeah, I would swing 6 instead of 5. Because you avoid them free blocking. OK, we have free block with the crocodile. Of course, it depends on their hand.

But, like, most of the times you will have those extra dots you can just use to, let's say, just pump your guys and just do better swings. There goes Teebo Boa. Never seen this.

Yeah. Did his Boa ever swing? The Boas have been frozen. Yeah, his Boa.

His Boa? No, I don't think he did. It might have been one swing the whole game. But I think it was frozen the whole time.

Yeah, that's what happens. That's why I try to delay my Boa as much as possible. Because if I keep going wide, if they play the Boa first, they will lose a whole turn.

And then the bodies that I developed on the turn that he actually decided to play the Boa will gain a lot of value for me while I keep playing the freeze on his Boa. So that's a turn that he invested into playing the 9k. He will never get back forever.

It's going to be stands. Is that enough? 1k. OK.

OK. I mean, the die roll is relevant, but not so relevant, to be honest. Because there are a lot of things you can miss still.

And then here. Would you just swing the 5 just in case the 2k cost that you play draws you a searcher? I would just play the guy and see what I get, and then I go 6 in case. Doesn't matter if you're giving the information.

Because maybe that 6 is going to put you ahead on the race of damage. OK. But if you draw the 1 cost, playing the 1 cost gives you a big edge.

Because you have an extra character that you can develop first. Gotcha. OK.

So it's probably not worth playing around a trigger in life that might remove all these bodies and take their value from the cycle? Any body you just cycle. So even if you get anything that is going to interact with that, it's still fine. It's not a big deal.

Gotcha. Yeah. I did that as soon as.

Oh, OK. You drew it. Yeah.

I was like, I'm probably not going to draw it. Then I drew it. It's like, oh shit, I should not have done that.

So it's like that. And here I thought about it just because I didn't have a buggy. And then I could swing it to the board.

But then I realized it's probably not a good idea. I think it's fine to figure this. If I triggered it, what would you have used it on? Which one is the one? Because I don't think you're going to have enough time to play that.

I think freezing the board doesn't do anything, honestly. Because they will always have like half for the frozen and half for the standing. So it's going to be bad to freeze the board most times.

Now you lost a swing, basically. Is this what you could have done this turn? If you would have played before, would have been to swing six with the bunkley. Bounce back, we stand.

And then it was six again. And then it was six again. And you have to go six.

And then if you do a lot of sixes, like the hand you had last game. If you notice with that kind of hand, if you uncheck them in the early game, and you go six, six, six. If they only have one 2k, you just win the game.

Because basically you put them already in a spot where like they are very unhealthy. And then they cannot afford to do any like a lot of development turns. They just can't do anymore.

So that's why it's really important to... The sixes are usually the best thing. You don't six only when... Because of course, characters like Mr. One and Mr. Two, you don't sixes because it's the only way that they can swing. But most of the times, if you have extra bounce, you can swing six with the leader.

And the times that you don't swing six with the 5k's is when those bounce you need to develop more. As long as you don't have five characters on the board. That's why developing that Luffy and Leon was better.

Because that Luffy, you don't know if you need to use it to trade. So I'd rather just use it before. That makes sense.

But if you go back on the last turn, like let's just go back on the slot. Like there is no point in... This turn? Okay, that's fine. This we already know.

Yeah. And when you start the next turn, you have Kroknam, okay? So what you can do here is just you expose the bound play. Swing six.

Then you play the Kroknam. You re-stand. Because you do the opposite here.

Because you expose the... Yeah, I think that turn I was just kind of greedily chasing above you off the search. Yeah. Ah, I see.

I see what you mean. Yeah, but still it would have been... Behind the swing. Yeah, it's not the best.

I would have opted for Kroknam still, to be honest. Yeah. It's okay to develop the Kroknam, yeah.

You're still here, even pushing the seven is not really giving you any advantage. Because the thing is that... The only thing you care about is cat advantage. Not really the life that you're inflicting.

But of course, if you go six, six, six, and they take two damage, and this cat one is still good for you, because it's a bigger hand check. It means that if next turn I go triple six again, then they might just discard double one, okay? Yeah. Makes sense.

Here, I don't remember why I did it this way. Let's see. This is a classic turn where you can just push.

Okay. All right. Yeah, sometimes... So what you have to think as well is that keeping a rested character sometimes can be a blocker, basically.

Yeah. So it's not always wrong to just leave it there, like in this case. You could have thought about keeping the Bonkley there, just to bait one of the swings.

And then swing a seven instead, and just keep one down. Maybe, yes. Maybe not in this case, but you could have done six, maybe, and one would have opened.

So you go six, six, six, one would have opened, for the plus three. Because in this scenario, maybe it's desperate, and you just start going like you got a face, and you only have one BK, and maybe you get in danger for no reason at all. You're right.

But you see also the Luna that you didn't trigger, you never use them. It's very difficult to have the chance to freeze the board in the mirror match. Yeah.

For example, now he has the chance, but then your strong tier is better than the Luna. But sometimes the problem is that even if you invest your turn into freezing the board, then they might just go East End event and kill you. So it's kind of dangerous.

As you can see, I mean, we can kind of summarize this mirror match into like the Boa Hancock war. But as you can see, your board is much better, because you cannot deal with the 6Ks anyways. And in this scenario, it's funny, because even if he decides to Luna this board, maybe you just play Luffy over the Boa, East End event, you just win the game.

Yeah. So it's very dangerous to freeze the board. But I think one of the keys to win the mirror match is usually understanding when to play Boa.

Being proactive on the Boa, it's generally bad. Because then if the answer with the Boa is just that you lost a turn, I'd rather go wide and develop my 6K bodies as long as I can. And then when they force me to play the Boa onto the Boa, then I just do it.

But it's basically like you're keeping an extra bullet, because if they waste the first Boa on a random guy, then you will use your first bullet on the Boa. But they already wasted the first one on just nothing, okay? Yeah, makes sense. So you never know how many Mr. Trees and Boas you both have.

So the more you can delay, the better. And then of course, if you say, okay, Boa is the only play I have, then you can do it on curve. It's not the end of the world.

But yeah, for example, if you would ask me, like I go to 7 Dawn, I have to choose between playing Boa on a 6K body and playing Buggy Prisoner. Probably I would always go Buggy Prisoner most of the times. Unless my hand is like 3 Boas, then maybe there I would play Boa.

I would say it's fine. Like, as long as you can just swing without assigning Dawns, like you just prioritize the 6s. I think your friend here did a couple misplays.

And his hand is not the same. You can play the gym base, okay? Yeah, I just played it mostly because if I use it for a 5 Poke, he has to invest Dawn to swing at it. And I can contest the board with it if you play something on curve.

And it's still kind of the same thing. Yeah, it's okay. I think playing the Galdino is not ideal though.

Like, I don't like that he played the Galdino there. Yeah. Yeah, that's a really good draw.

Yeah, would you have bounced this or just taken the gym base back in place? Another one that left the rest of the one? No, it's correct like this. I will restand now and play the other ball play. I think it's correct like this.

You see, that gym on the board is going to help you if he decides to rest his board. Because he can just trade. And then he has to trade on the trade.

So it's okay. So it's like you actually use the 2K. Okay, that is fine.

See, like he's doing a lot of sixes, that's correct. See how many resources you need to use. Yeah.

And now you have the 2Ks. Because if you don't have 2Ks in this spot, you just die. Okay, so now you have two on one.

For example, here playing the boys bet. No need to go five on one. If you go two on one and he discards 2Ks, like this gym is 160, if you think about it.

Yeah, that makes sense. And here I probably could have just gone. It's okay to go 6-7.

You can also just go 6-6 and keep the down open. Just because you don't have 2Ks in hand. That's what I was concerned about.

Because discarding anything but the buggy after this would feel kind of bad. Yeah, I think the main concern from this game that I see is that you are not super conservative with the clock that they have on you. You focus too much on the clock you have on them.

But sometimes you expose yourself too much. But that's a common mistake when you play aggro. You just say, okay, how much I am the aggressor.

Like in most matchups, you don't need to think about your opponent aggroing you. But in the mirror match, yes. So since in all the other matchups, you just think about putting yourself and clock on your opponent, you just forget this.

But actually in the mirror match, you cannot because you are on the same clock. And then if I would have not put the jaunt down on the Jinbei, would you have just kept that up for the counter event? Or just 1-7? I mean, you can always start with the Jinbei's winge. Because the Jinbei is, of course, very situational card.

Because we are going to play one game out of one game probably. But the thing is that if you plan to ask your opponent to invest more dawns to get the Jinbei, then it makes sense to give the dawn to Jinbei. But if you don't care about it, it really depends on your opponent's board, to be honest.

Because if your Jinbei is a four or a two, of course, it changes. But if they have the leader already, if they go five on four, for example, I would just let it go. So if it's a two or a four, it doesn't really matter.

Then of course, if they have something like a Mr. One or a Mr. Three that now he has on board, that changes because, of course, they can just swing on that without dawns. Because now, even though it looks like you're in a winning spot, it's dangerous. Yeah, because you can still just re-stand the event if he plays another like Yvonne Kog.

Maybe you can counter-counter and then you swing again. You can counter-counter and then he plays something and then he can try to swing. So it's still a dangerous spot.

But actually, you can also just let it go as well. I would just let it go. Next turn, you can still play the event.

Even in this spot, it's interesting because let's pretend he would like to freeze your board with Luna. Maybe you have your re-stand event and then they just use the game. That's why ignoring the board, in my opinion, is very dangerous.

And that's why I always play for control. That makes sense. And then here, the re-stand event didn't feel like... It felt like a gamble I was okay taking just because he has to invest so much dawn into the bodies to swing before playing the event that I can probably get out.

You cannot even swing that much, to be honest. Yeah. Okay.

Damn. Very close. Yeah.

Yeah. That means that the three that he played in the early game was useless all the time. Yeah, I didn't really do anything, I think.

In the mirror match, it's not ideal to play. I'd rather just not play anything. That's fair.

But yeah, that was all of the games that I had for this. But that makes sense, just being more conservative. I guess, where were the spots where you think I took an unnecessary risk? I would say... So first of all, the first mistake that I would say is trying to trade the 6k's.

I usually just ignore them. You can go on the 6k's if you go 8k's and they have a very low end size. What I would prioritize is always development and if I have extra dawn, I would split with the 6s.

Because with the 6s, you can constantly uncheck your opponents and you get information out of them. And if they need to use all the 2k's, then in the late game, they will suffer a lot because your objective in the mirror match is still to develop multiple 6k bodies. And since in the late game, you will both try to freeze your opponent's board, like Mr. T and Boss, you won't have so many dawns to assign and the 6k bodies are going to be what is actually meaningful.

So that's why trimming the 2k's early on is good. Other than that, I think the idea is correct. I would be a bit more conservative with the life management, maybe.

I try to stay at 3 life as much as possible. But usually, you can follow your opponent's race as well. Like if you drop them down to 2, you can go to 2 as well.

So as long as you stay up with your opponent, it's the same. Other than that, sometimes you were kind of greedy with the search. You were thinking up front, but then you were not thinking about the present, let's say.

Yeah, that's my problem, is not thinking about the consequences. I mean, not having 2k in hand is very dangerous because maybe you're not going to be punished. But you know, a lot of characters will swing 6 even if your opponent doesn't want to because they actually, like Bonkley and the Mr. 1, they just swing 6 anyways.

So it's not a choice from their side. So if they actually, because some games, even if you're ahead, if they swing 6 and you take a damage that you shouldn't take with that 6, then your opponent might ask himself, oh, maybe they don't have 2k, and then they go 6 again, and you have to take again. And then they go 6 again, and you discard one case, and then you just lose the game.

So it's very dangerous. But overall, I think it's fine. Just focus on the pressure on your opponent.

Sometimes, try to take advantage of the fact that your opponent might discard on a small swing. Like, I understand that, for example, the spot with Jimba, you were like, OK, I really want to kill this guy. But if they actually discard on that swing, it means you gained an extra swing.

Because then your swing was bigger than it should have been, basically. Because worst case, you can use your leader to kill that whatever. So usually, your objective should be fully clear the board.

And then it's OK sometimes to leave your board less than, because then you just force your opponent into going onto the board. That's what happens with Rosinante as well sometimes. Since they are forced to trade your board, they don't go face, and you gain time, basically.

Actually, this is appropriate for the deck in general. I understand sometimes it's very nice to say, I swing with this guy, and then I just replace with a standing one. And a lot of times, it makes sense.

For example, if we talk about Enel, if they have a board full of weenies, then it makes sense. If you play against any deck that has weenies, basically, if they have free swings on the small guys, then it makes sense to replace. Because then they have to deal with a standing one.

But outside of that, I would say it's fine. I mean, this is a matchup purely based on fundamentals. Just try to not play the ball as first.

And then, yeah, rely on the 6Ks, I would say. I wouldn't say you will play this in the wrong way. Just some minor mistakes about those that are very situational choices.

OK, that makes sense. A lot of the reason why I wasn't swinging the bodies as much and trying to keep some stuff standing was because I might have just been a bit too worried about the freeze events. But I think you're right, that there isn't really going to be a good time to play them in the matchup.

At least not in the middle turns. There's too much of a trade-off. Yeah, I mean, it's very expensive to invest three dunks in a freeze.

And the freeze is not really solving the issue because it's still a minus one for them. So actually, even if they freeze two guys, it's like they use that counter to block those two swings. OK? So yeah, I would say I would keep testing the mirror match still.

It's just a matter of... It's very situational, to be honest. So there is not really any setup line. I will keep in mind the general tips about the ball war and Mr. T and the small bodies.

I would say your general idea should always be, I need to stay as healthy as possible. My hand size needs to be as healthy as possible. And I always need to end up with a board that would allow me to trade back his board if he decides to swing at me.

So that's basically the main takeaway of the matchup. OK. Yeah, so I'm good on that one.

I think now probably... What do you think would be the more played between Rosinante and Yamato early on? Very good question. On paper, Rosy should be a bit more popular, but I think it depends on the average level of your region. I think a lot of average players will go to the Yamato train.

There are a lot of fans. If we look at the stats today, let me check. The popularity of the decks changed quite a lot.

So let's see. So right now, Rosy is more popular than Yamato. So I would say still people will be with Rosy.

Yamato is also a very cheap deck, so people will still buy it. But yeah, I would focus more on Rosinante, to be honest. I think it's a good matchup to... It's an important matchup to master, honestly.

It's important. So... But you don't have games against Rosy, right? I don't. Yeah, I didn't get any games against Rosy.

At least not that I could record. OK. Did you struggle with the deck, or is the game fine? I think I've got more of an idea now than before.

The biggest issue that I'm having is the lists that I randomly put Wyvern into it. Hmm. Did you struggle against the Wyvern, or...? Like, my brain just... Yeah, because it just feels like if they remove too many bodies, then I can't swing enough.

I don't really have a way to get back in terms of card advantage. Like, if I go wide and then they Wyvern on five, clear the board, I play something Pallor, and then they just clear it with either Dungeon Lightning by itself or Sakazuki. If I play a Boa, it's just kind of like I don't know how I can come back from that kind of combo.

I see. Because they can usually pressure enough to make it kind of spooky. I see.

Yeah, the approach is actually kind of similar to... One second, because maybe I can find a game against Rosie that I can show you. I think the game plan is very situational as well here, but the approach is actually always the same. When you say the approach, you basically just mean go wide to pressure hand for advantage, and then freeze the eight costs or higher? I mean, they don't really have a big... You mean against Yamato or Rosie, sorry? Rosie.

Yeah, so all the bodies they develop are seven or less. So they're your strong event or Luna, depending on which one you play. It's very strong against them, but some games you don't even need to play that.

You don't need to rely on Boa so much. The reason why we want to play Boa most of the times is to deny the Rosie Law blocker. So it's just that we need to shut down the blocker.

But I'm going to show you now a little bit. If you see a game, maybe we have an example. Sometimes people, they just play that.

I can show you this one now, but I can explain for that. This guy doesn't see the nuts, but it's like the principle behind it's always the same. So the most... Can you see my screen? Yeah.

So the most important thing against Rosie... So first of all, you need to have a strong start. So like this hand is, of course, pretty good. Because the key against Rosie is to rely on cut advantage.

And because Rosie doesn't generate value, okay? The only thing that generates value for their deck is the six cost Rosie Law and the high lobby bet. Everything else doesn't generate value. Maybe the Borsalino, but if they start playing the Borsalino, it means they are in bad spots.

So the most important thing against Rosie is that you hand check them constantly. The deck breaks a lot. So if you go with a lot of sixes, you might end up winning the game.

I think this game, I win the guy as 4,000. So the key, of course, is in the early game to go as wide as possible. As you can see here, of course, I grabbed the ball just because I have a lot of two Ks.

The Rosie is not gonna put a lot of pressure on you. If the Rosinante decides to keep the blockers standing to block your aggro, it's gonna be even better for you. So if you see them waiting with the blocker up, it's good news for us.

So eventually, they will realize they don't have to play so safe. So another thing that changes a lot the matchup is the one-cost characters. If they open with the one-cost characters, of course, it's easier for them because those they can use to trade as more bodies.

If they don't open with the one-drops, it's like blocking the ball. It's so easy. You can also play a game after this.

So I can play with you. So this is another good example. As we said before, the only thing we care about against Rosie is cut advantage.

So here, it's better to go 5-5 instead of eights because we need to focus on the cut advantage that we can generate. Because if you go 5-5, maybe they only have two Ks in hands and they give you a 2K, right? That could cost them the game later on. Because we already know next turn, we have a Krox.

So next turn, we can do six lead, bounce back, 3-stand, and then 7-lead. So if we go 5-5 now, they take one, they discard one. Next turn, we go double swing against 6-7.

Maybe they don't count on one. Also, I know that he took two of these, so he has 2K in hands. Because actually, the one case that the deck has access to, because I think what is important to address here is also the backlist.

I can show you the backlist. This is the one that my teammate is playing. This is the list that he's playing.

So if he had the Kobe, he would have played, OK? Yeah. So we know he doesn't have Kobe in hands. This card he might have, but if they give us this, we are fine with that.

Because we are under this card several times, but he can never play this card in the early game. Because in the early game, he needs to play this guy. He needs to ramp.

He cannot play this guy. So it's another card. And if he's going to discard it here, it's fine.

This guy, if he would have had, he would have played. 2K, 2K. If he discards Porcelain, it's fine for us.

Because this card is very annoying. If he discards this guy, it doesn't matter. This is probably the best discard for them.

And then if there is Mamoragan, OK? Of course, if they have Mamoragan. There's going to be always a spot where they can just Mamoragan. So even if early game you go 5-5, they will just use it anyways.

The thing here is that from Rosie's side, what is important to address, I'm trying to explain how Rosie is thinking against us so we can understand. They don't care about taking damage. Because our swings are going to be symmetrical, OK? So we always go 5 and 6s.

So if they counter the first swing or the fifth swing, it's not going to matter. But if they go instantly to 2 life, then at least they enable the dialogue, OK? So they can save counter. So actually, being wide with the swings is important, especially early on.

Because you might face a Rosie that plans to take the first two damage anyways, OK? So I'd rather go wide. So as you can see, he gave us 2k. He already saved that damage because he went on the Luffy, OK? So this Luffy already drew one and discarded one and he blocked one.

So he generated three cards, actually. So the only thing that you should have in mind when you play against Rosie is the card advantage. Because the more resource generation that you have, the better for the PTs.

They don't have interactions with your standing targets. And if you actually delay their game plan, you're going to have more time to just give them. Yeah, OK.

The most important thing is sustained damage. Slowly but surely, you need to sustain damage. Because this deck doesn't scale in the late game.

They always do the same thing. It's like a Popolino. There is no late game plan.

They always do the same things. So normally, in this spot, they need to play the 6k blocker. If they miss this, I wouldn't say you won the game, but almost.

So it's really important. But the only way that they had to search it, so now, for example, he missed it, but they cannot search with this. They cannot search with this.

They cannot search with the comb. The only way to search that card is the 1 cost Rosie Namte. Yeah, and some people it's not even running that card.

So it's not guaranteed they're going to hit it. Some people might play the other guy, the 3k. I don't know if you know the other card.

Yeah, yeah, the 4 cost. The 4 or 3 cost. Yeah, yeah.

That guy, we don't care. Because he's smaller, we can actually swing into it as well. So it's OK.

So now, as you can see, just go 6. Yeah, so there is no trigger that is going to interact. The only triggers they have are ramp 1. So it doesn't matter. Then I go 6. I just go white.

So next turn, for example, I already played my next turn, because now I know he's going to go Rosillo, OK? Of course, he's the best player in this spot. There is no other player. The other players are Borsellino.

But if they're Borsellino already on 6, then they're the best, right? Because they don't have 4. So if I know that he's going to play Rossillo, what I'm going to do is just boa on Rossillo. 5, 5, 6, 6. A lot of pressure, yeah? Next turn, he cannot trade. He needs to go on these guys.

So he's going to trade, trade. And then he's going to play another guy. And then next turn, we have another boa.

Because he cannot adjust Higasuke next turn, right? Because he has Higasuke, and then Mamura again, and then it's too expensive. So we need to always plan our board to be as wide and aggressive as possible. It makes sense.

I'm still here. I have so much time left. I'm fine.

I love you. He goes with this guy. This is good for us.

He's going to swing now. Maybe he's Brickton. Also, by looking at which cards he's taking, you might tell that he's Brickton.

Because already here, for example, instead of 3 and 6 playing this, might tell us that maybe he's Brickton. Or like adding the I love you as well. So for example, let's take as an example, like let's go back to the last turn.

Let's pretend in this turn he would have played a 6K, OK? Probably what I would have done instead was 6 leads, play the croc, restand, and instead of playing this guy, I would have just gone 7 with this. Because I need to still focus on this, let's say, value generation, OK? Because if I play the Jinba now, I'm losing a swing here, because it's just going to block. In that next turn, he has another blocker, and he's going to block again.

So I lost two swings, actually. So I don't care about this guy. He should play 7. OK, and what happened here? OK.

So here, as we said, we just go up, 5 leads, hand check. OK, this is already a good information. And as long as he keeps chasing the board, you have always time to redevelop and swing.

As long as every swing that you do has to ask for one card of one life. So avoid going wide when the blockers that they have on board are actually countering for free. That's what we want to avoid.

It makes sense. So he goes with the porcelain. If they go early game with the porcelain, it's already game over.

This is a very losing play for them. Yeah, for example, here, if I didn't have the boa, probably I would have just played the bugging prisoner and a bomb play. Something like that.

But you also need to enter their mind and understand when they actually need the blocker to block and when they need it to swing. Because sometimes what I've noticed is that some people just play the Mr. 3 randomly. They just raise a blocker, and they probably wouldn't even have swung with that.

If this guy, of course, would have stayed the same as boa, then they cannot test it. It would have been insane. But certainly, you cannot block a blocker with that.

So still here, you see, like, I go 6. Because even if he wants to block, he's still at 1 card. I don't need to expect my maragana anymore either. Yeah, 6. He used I love you without having a low on trash, so he's desperate probably.

You see then again here, I could have developed this guy, but instead I'm going 7. Because I want to ask for the card. Also because he gave me that information. So now, because even if he goes Saka and kills this, he's going to be desperate.

Yep. And we care so much about the card advantage, because they can go back to, like, one or two life whenever they want. So it's important that we focus on the number of cards.

Yeah, of course, here it's just... Let's pretend he had a good hand, and he could counter this, because now he's going to die this turn. But if he didn't have a good hand... Because here, actually, my approach is, you can see, like, I could split here and try to go for lethal. But I don't need to.

I'm still healthy. This turn, what I can do... Why do I start 9? Because what I can do is just 9. Double Mr. 3. Three 3s. And that's main with this as well.

And I just take cards out of his hand. And next turn, it's the same situation, but I cannot do anything. I cannot take this board.

And maybe I can do, like, double Mr. 3. I have four dawns. I can go 9. Probably, like, 9-9. Something like 8 lead, depending on what I draw.

I can go 8 lead and then develop this guy. And then I also set up 3-10 defense, if I want. But now he has to go with a very good countering.

Yeah, makes sense. Yeah, he takes this. Of course, now that he took, I just go, okay, I go 9-10 lead, and I'm just... It's just dead.

Yeah, but this is also to show you that this deck works a lot. But I can show you... I have infinite footage of my friends playing this deck, and the deck has some time speed, yes. They struggle with wide swings and with 6k swings, especially.

In the early game. Whenever they have access to I Love You, then it gets easier for them. But that's why they always need to play with one less dawn, because they need to keep the dawn open.

These guys, they just wait to go up. And that lead, almost always, swings for 5 or 6. For them, creating your 6k bodies is very difficult. It's also developing Buggy Prison at early is very good.

Especially if they start with the law. So it really depends on, like, their stuff as well. But, like, they need to see many more cards than us.

And the die roll gives us a big boost. Because if they go second, the curve is really bad. Everything they have is lower.

Because already now, if they would have went first, we wouldn't have had a 5-5. Because they would have had a... For example, if he would have went second, let's say, let's pretend we go second. It sounds like, play whatever.

Then we play our Mr. 1 and pass. And then he plays the law and pass. And now we have to play croc, bounce this back.

So we already lose one swing. And then our leader swings for 7. They can just block in 2k as well. And then they play the Rosy Law.

And then you cannot transfer the ball to the Rosy Law. That's the problem. So actually, the die roll gives you a big boost.

But if you want, we can play a game where I play Rosy and then you play Lucy. Yeah, that would be helpful. Yeah, OK.

Let me just... If you can share again. We can talk about the plays. Just update my list.

Let's pull up here. We also played another beam, so be careful about those cards. Yeah.

Which one do you want to practice? I'll go second. I always like practicing the bad situations. This feels like it would be too greedy to keep.

It's a bit greedy. Yeah. It's not better.

Yeah. Well, only one target. OK, that's a very good draw.

That's an insane draw. Top deck builds. Do I take this here or just counter out? You can go to 3 and then the first damage is OK.

OK, kind of what I was... Also because your hand is kind of stuck, so... Yeah, that was my impulse. And here we have to just do what we talked about, or just play and then swing 7. Yeah, basically, yes. OK.

If you didn't have the one cost, would it ever make sense to just go 5-5? No, 7 is better. Still 7, OK. And here I think I'd just give you a 2k.

Was it worth taking it? What's your next turn play? Well, I guess... I don't know, because it kind of depends on if I think you're going to swing the law, but I don't know if you are or not, given the board you're playing. And that you played this instead of the rosy law. Yeah, I didn't have rosy law, that's why.

Yeah, so I don't know how good your hand is. I kind of need to try to fix my hand, because I don't want to play the brook. And I really don't want to play the prisoner.

So I think I just take this one. I think you can take 2. OK, that's a good call. OK.

What is now the best order? Probably swing 6. OK, let's start with 6. Swing 6 with the Death's Bones. Right. Then play the croc, 3-stand.

It's going to be just what happens, no matter what. Right. 3-stand 2. Then swing 6 lead.

It's either 6 or 7 with leader, and then 6 or 7 with croc. Why would you swing first with the leader? Well, probably just the 6. But why wouldn't you start with the croc? That's right. Because if you use that down... Because let's pretend that now it blocks with the law.

Now you can use also the Luffy to swing, right? The Luffy to swing, yeah. Getting advantage. Gave up a swing for nothing then this turn.

Especially knowing that you had a 2k. So now after I messed this up, do I just play the Jinbei here for next turn? Does it make sense? Not exactly. Your board is full.

Yeah, that's right. And then maybe you want to play the ball. Yeah, if you finally catch up with Rosy Law.

My hand is pretty bad. You're not the only one. My hand is worse than yours, trust me.

I wouldn't say mine are called Prisoner of Impotence, but they're almost the same effect. Okay. So what is the approach now? Well, definitely start with a 6. It's just a matter of whether to use a crocodile or the Das Bones.

But I think I would probably just use a crocodile to see what you do. Yeah, exactly. You don't need to invest Bones.

Still the same principle. Yeah. I'll probably try again.

Because if you swing into the board with the amount of counter I have... The only thing you have now is counter. So the only thing you care about is just taking that out of me. Yeah.

Fine. And then... I think I still just play the boa, because I could potentially threaten lethal with a brook, depending on what your hand is and putting enough pressure. Yeah, and then I would let this swing.

So probably on one of the 6k's and... But then do you need to play the buffers? You can keep swinging still. Add two 6k blockers anyways. The thing is that if you play boa now, let's say you swing 6k, I block your counter, okay? Then you boa the other one.

And then you can swing 5k as well. That makes sense. Always be careful about the other, because it might matter.

Even if it's a light change, it might matter. So now, of course, you are forced to play the boa. It's the same principle.

I mean, I would do the one that you think is not going to swing it. I mean, the one that you would like to swing it, sorry. So normally, I think it's pretty much the same.

Yeah, because with your hand being that low and my board being this wide, I don't think there's going to be very much value for swinging. How much is that for names? Yeah, it could be either 5, 5 or just... I think I just go 7 here. Yeah, I would just go 7. I think giving a 2k here doesn't feel that bad, just because I have so many.

But also, I want to keep the Jinbe for a name, different name, potentially. Do you need the Ivankov, do you think? I don't think so at this point. Yeah, the Luffy is better as well.

Yeah. I mean, the Ivankov is just another Luffy. If I have Luffy, I usually just go with the Ivankov.

Okay. I guess I've got the two crocodiles on board, so it's probably not going to be a restand event turn. Okay.

I think given the way the hand is played out, I think I would just pressure life. How would you play this turn? Brook, rest one of the dawns so you can't slow slowbeam. Okay.

Then probably swing a 6 with a Luffy. Well, it wouldn't matter if I do it that way. Is that something we want to play with the Brook, or that we might find that we want to have? And the second question is, do you survive next turn with the swing? Let's say you don't kill me this turn, okay? Yeah.

I mean, you might kill me, but what if you don't? Yeah, you're kind of right. So I guess I should probably just Luffy. I mean, it depends.

We can also play safe, but we don't have guaranteed data, let's say. Yeah, when I love you, I've got the blocker. Because even if you have a double swing with the boa, still, he has a blocker.

Yeah. I think the Brook is fine now, but actually, because if we swing it with the boa now, the risk is that if we don't kill him, he might just play another Saka and just kill us. How about we start with a Luffy to see what we get? Maybe we should.

Okay, I see a good card. Oh, it'd be the Bonkler, no? The Mister Three is very nice. Yeah, and then we'll probably just play this to freeze the Saka, get the hand, and then make the final decision.

Yes, so now we have full information. Okay. So now the question will be whether we want to play this book or not.

I don't think so. I don't think it's terrible, but we should think what is our objective this turn, honestly. Is there ever a time where we kind of clear board? You can only clear the boa side, basically.

But if you want to get the boa side, I don't think it's fine. It depends which way you want to go, right? Yeah. I'm also kind of worried about the freeze event.

If you start with a boa, the Naro is going to be useless anyways. Let's say you go boa onto FaZe or Borsalino, then if he Naros, he's just going to waste his turn. No, no, no need.

No need. Oh, you're strong. I would just go an Anubis, in case he's just going to let it go up.

Okay, then now we can think what we would like to do. See, you can play around a lot of things. Do you need the blocker? With this board, probably not.

I've got enough counter, and if I'm going to play the buggy... Yeah, but if you play another buggy, then you just swing. And if you rest the Luffy anyway, that's not really that big of a deal, because I'm going to end up playing over one of them. Okay, you already solved a lot of issues.

Okay, that's good. But actually, do we actually need another guy? Probably not. So you can swing seven.

And here, I think... Do I block this, just to force you to use one of your blockers to swing? What do you think? I'm kind of tempted to, but... What is that? What can go wrong if you block? You already have a 6k resistance. Does it matter if you have two 6k resistances? Not really. I mean, you swing face, I guess, but... If he goes face, you win the game? Yeah, I think so.

I think this is the easiest blocker you've ever played. Yeah. Because now, if you're a signstone, you win in value.

If he swings with the blocker, you win in value. You only have one life, and it's not going to be a big spot. No, it's kind of way bigger.

You also have a risk-end event line, basically, if you go out. So even if he plays the buggy, you just play a guy, and then you swing 6666. Okay.

Then... The minus of Itsaga is until I go down face, right? Yeah, that's not really what it's saving. I think I just swing a 6 with the buggy first. Actually, do I? I mean, the question you should ask yourself is, if we start with a brook on the Rosy Law, is it better? Yeah, that's kind of what I was leaning towards.

If you brook on the Rosy Law... Actually, there is a funny thing that happens here. I mean, probably it's correct, but the funny thing would be because you top deck Luna. You just swing with everything.

It's just blocks, blocks. And then you brook on the Itsaga, and then you face the Oak Ward. But it's not needed.

To be honest, I would just play the Rosy Law and start swinging. You can also just go 7-0 here. You can always play standard on this one.

Yeah, that's true. Yeah, after you... Nope, after, yeah. Yeah, it's okay.

That's not what we're going to do. I mean, it doesn't matter. Yeah, you also have the Rufy Swing if you want.

And then you have the Icelandic Swing. And the other deals. But you see, like, if you keep pressuring me, then I'm going to be in a bad spot.

But the Sakazuki is generally bad against you. So I don't really have time to get one of them. But maybe I start with them.

That's... I'll let you go first. Of course, if you wouldn't miss the two cost there, the game would have been much worse. Because you wouldn't have had the same pressure.

Or just eight. You can always take the first damage if you're missing stuff. If your hand is giga nuts, then you can count.

Same principle, we won't lose cards. How much is me in here? Yeah. Yeah.

Six lead and then we go. What is our next turn? Don't blind pick. I know that card is good, but we need to think up front.

How our next turn is going to play. So what is he going to do next turn? I can't tell you anymore. Is there a multiple of that? Oh, sorry.

Yeah. Yeah, so I think next turn you can play the Rosie Law, most likely. So I'd probably just take the Ivankov to play it.

Play out a two drop, have another swing and then go like swing wide. If I hit the prisoners on one of the next couple of draws, I might go buggy prisoners instead. But it would be the same idea.

Do you have other options for next turn than this? I mean, we could play the Krok again and just kind of cycle. If I do that, maybe it's worth keeping the Galdino for later. I think the Galdino is definitely better.

I want to challenge you even if it's obvious sometimes. Yeah. But if you think about it, the Krokodil is better than the Ivankov because with the Krokodil you can also restand the bunker.

Restand the swing, yeah. So it's good. Okay, so... I think I can just take one and then counter out with the buggy or a 2k.

Well, not the buggy, but can I just counter out with a 2k either way? Because if I draw the prisoners, that probably would be the next play. Or do I just counter this and take the six? You don't know if he's going to swing with the six. If he wouldn't swing with the six, would you like to counter this one? Uh, not really.

So you would go to 2 life anyways. Yeah. I counter out with the Jim Bajor because I've got enough 6k base bodies that it might be worth keeping the Galdino.

Right. Let's think here. So I guess I can freeze.

You have two options here. Either you freeze or you just play another Krok. Yeah.

What do I... If I freeze, you can just potentially remove another Krok. Like, I feel like if I don't play another Krok... They only play two of the lightning set, so it's not very easy for them to do it. So you're going to go to... Oh, and you're only going to go to 6 dawn next turn, so you can't Sakazuki Mamoragan.

Though that would be kind of too much resources unless your hand was just messed up. So I think I just swing 5 and play the Krok. It's not terrible.

I think freeze is... If you freeze now, it's just fine, in my opinion. Yeah. You can always freeze.

Yeah, I would just go 5. Yeah. At least you get a decent 4 now. So here... I'm trying to decide whether just raw 2k or block 1k.

Do you think it's fine if he's going to choose your Krok? Probably, because I can get out with a 2k if he swings 7 with the law, but with my board... I feel like this dawn might stay up for I Love You, and then if he swings the Rosy Law, it makes it more likely that I can freeze both of them. If I just go wide and poke, especially with the Ivankov, to give more names to this one for free, so... Yeah, makes sense. Maybe just counter.

But it's too late now. Yeah. Is this worth defending with a restand event? You mean the... With rain, rain, discard, restand, rain, restand, discard Krok.

It's a trade for you. Basically, you're trading two cards for one, because this Krok is going to ask for one card from him. So it's a symmetrical trade, but if you feel like, yeah, with the next turn you will go ahead with these swings, then it will make sense.

I think if you let this go, your board is going to be very weak. Yeah. I think it's okay to use this.

You can generate file next turn, so I would just use that and discard the restand. Okay. Here, poke.

Yeah. Let's throw the six, poke here. You can always start... I mean, you know, I know you want to draw, but do you think you're going to swing with these Kroks? Honestly, maybe.

What do you mean maybe? Yes or no? I don't know. I feel like it kind of depends on what you do in response to these couple of swings. You're going to face a few Razilovs.

Yeah, for sure. Yeah. So his board is going to be a leader and a 6K.

He doesn't even know if he wants to rest, because your board is going to be huge. Yeah. So do you think he can actually threaten these Kroks if you rest them? Oh, no. 

Yeah, no, he can't. Then we know that we need to go face, okay? So we can always start with 6-6 without even investing bonds. And then, of course, it's not going to matter anything here.

Like, it's fine, like, if you start with this. Just to let you know that... You always start with the Kroks, huh? Because you don't need to invest the bonds. This feels kind of greedy at this point.

Why is it greedy? Well, no, no, not swinging with the Kroks. It's because I'm... I don't know what play would happen outside. So you would play the Krok, you will invest four bonds.

So you have one, two, so basically... Oh, gotcha. Okay, yeah, that was... That makes more sense. So we play the Krok, just because... We know that we need to freeze two guys.

And so we have five Dons that are already... That's invested. So you have a total of how many Dons? Nine. Five are taken by the Krok, plus you're strong.

So we have four left. One we need on the Bonklay. One we need on the Luffy.

So we have two left. So I'd rather just swing with everything. Because with those two Dons left, you don't need to do anything, because actually your board is fuller.

That's why you can start with those. But as long as he has blockers, it doesn't make sense to swing more than six, okay? Even with his Luffy, you can still wait. Like, normally you would start with the sixes with the Krok.

Let's say he blocks with the Law. Then your Luffy maybe can swing five as well, okay? Now he's the same, he just throws six. But... I think I'm just being too greedy, because I was kind of tempted by the idea of playing this Galvino.

No, I see what you mean. But then you overprice the Galvino. You can do it, but it's not easy, to be honest.

There is no need. You can always keep that for the end. You already have the wrist end.

You already have a lot of mains. You can always even cover. Because now he's going to be behind next turn, Yeah, that makes sense.

Don't be that greedy about it. Yeah, you can still go six. Yeah, you're going to draw first.

Okay, that's good. Then how much? So we need to Luffy's two guys, and then we have two left. And your Luffy's going to be how much? One, two, three.

Yeah, I messed up by putting that down on the leader. Yeah, yeah, you see, like, it's a difference. Yeah.

Maybe he blocks still, but... Just, I think I just go eight here, then. Yeah, that's fine. It's just going to take probably.

Yeah. Okay, you need to also understand that even if you know your hand, your opponent doesn't know your hand. So in his head, he might see six electrical bonus, okay? Yeah.

So you need to enter his mind as well and say, okay, how can I swing to bait him into thinking that I have the perfect combination in my hand? Because now I don't really have a lot of ways to deal with the board. Yeah. I mean, and I'm already in defense mode, but it's a problem.

This is worth just letting one of these go. Or do I have to counter here to be... Well, no, because you're probably not going to swing this law, like putting eight, swinging eight. See, this is like the kind of places where I kind of get stuck.

But why do you think if he gives two dance to the law, and he goes eight on six, is it bad for you? Well, no, I mean, I can just refill board and then that sets up my re-stand event. But I think he's got too much where I probably can't kill him with a re-stand event this turn. But maybe we actually have time.

Do you think you die next turn? I would save this just because he's going to put me in an even worse spot. Yeah. So the question is, do I give up the two K or the Ivankov? I think you can give the Ivankov this turn.

You're going to draw off the D-minus. Yeah. But anyways, next turn, you're going to play the ball probably.

You play the boa, and then you still play the Galeno, so you draw. Then you're still going to have time to just do yourself. So I pass on something.

Okay. What is the plan now? Probably just six-poke. Yeah.

Do I need to just swing all the crocs? If I stun both of these, he probably can't really go for lethal with these, and I don't think he'll defend the porcelaino. You need to uncheck the corset, yeah? Yeah. As long as he gives you two K, you don't have any permission.

So you keep swinging. Do I play over the Luffy or the Rusted? Because he's after this. Yeah, yeah.

He's still freeing. Yeah. Interesting.

Now what? Wait like that? This kind of changes things a little bit. Do you think the opponent can just go face next turn? Not. He's going to chase the board, right? Yeah.

Okay, so if he chases your board next turn, can you freeze again the whole board? Yeah. Okay, then why should we hurry up now? We should still just play the boa. Just boa.

Yeah. And on the Rusted here? Yeah, yeah, of course. Okay.

One to the nine. Yeah, even if you lose this swing, it's going to be okay. You still have time.

And he has to swing the blockers to chase the board. Now that he's actually investing a lot of time into this, we can let him go. It's okay.

Yeah. Because we are getting time, huh? That's fine. Mm-hmm.

Yeah. So now the question is, do I Galdino one of the 8Ks? Or do I Galdino like one of the 6Ks so I could freeze the 8Ks the following turn? I don't think I really would do that. Do you need to Galdino now? Or we can swing first? I think we can swing first.

So just a six. I invest in the leader. Well, if I... Ah, you want to swing with the leader first? Yeah, I guess I could just swing the boa, but... You can swing with the leader if you want.

We're not going to need so many don'ts, but one don't you can invest because if off the Galdino, you draw another boa, we play it. Hold on. Yeah, let's replay it.

It's not a big deal. Okay. Three, nine.

And then here... Yeah, I guess you can play that. You freeze something that you don't care about. Probably the lodge, so you can't leader effect.

You can think if you want to swing with him. Now Luffy has one, two, three, four names. If you don't see, you might swing.

But you need to think about if you drop this Galdino. Actually, this turn you could have also thought to go two-cost Galdino, two don'ts to the Luffy, swing. And then... Galdino over the Luffy.

Yeah, and then you use the four-rested don'ts. You go eight, eight, nine. Yeah.

There were a lot of lines here, to be honest. Yeah, this is where you need to know which options you have. It's not as if the boa is going to expose you to the... It's not going to expose you.

Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Yeah, also facing this boa is nice.

I think I still just swing the five because if he gives me a free block, his hand is small enough that I don't think he would want to counter with the kind of boa that I have. Actually, no. You can always just pop it and then if you draw something else, you just play it standing and then just swing over it.

Yeah. But at least if you... Yeah, okay. Yeah, for example, that's interesting.

Oh, I pulled the diamond. Sorry, I forgot. Oh, it's weird.

Still... Yeah, I think I just freeze these two. You freeze these two and then you can resend still. You still have to resend the don'ts.

Oh, yeah. Oh, you're right, you're right. Yeah, yeah.

Okay. So I still play the luffy. I don't know if this could really change very much.

Just take the counter here. Yeah. Yeah.

Still have time. Yeah. In here, I just swing six.

Okay. As you can see, it's always the same approach for the rest of the game. Yeah.

Yeah, when you go towards the end, maybe you want to push seven. But to be honest, especially now that if you open my trash, I have infinite two Ks. Maybe six is not very punishing.

Especially if you have the freeze event in hand. Because if it goes block plus 1K, then you will Giga punish them. Like what happened last game.

Last turn, I just block with Borsa 1K and then you just freeze my whole board. Then, of course, if you have the Eurostrong instead of the Moon, it's better. But it depends.

Yeah. Oh, I see what's going on. Could I play six as well? Yeah.

No, I just misclicked. Oh, okay. So let's see.

I'm going to put in six, yeah. So I just block. Okay.

Now you can play the Buggy and the... Oh, you can just play the Buggy. I would just play Buggy and Prisoner over the Freeze. I don't care.

You don't mind, actually. You can also setting up the re-stand though, if you want. No, I don't have the re-stand.

Well... Yeah, yeah. Just setting it up. Okay, you just pull four.

No, I think one of them got hand-ripped. Oh, yeah, yeah. And the other one, the first one, I just put it in a different corner.

I didn't see the first one. Oh, you're good. He's still saying it.

Because if you go all-in with the Luffy, then they can just trade the board and play a Bozzolino, and then I'll win. Yeah. So you need to be careful with that.

Because now he can try to trade your board. Now I think I defend this. No, let it go.

I would defend the second one, to be honest. If he invests a blocker into killing that, it's the same for you. Yeah.

This, if you want to. Oh, shit, whoops. Don't forget that.

I think most of your opponents want to know this. So let's just keep going. Yeah.

You have an extra moment. Would it make sense here to play the ball on the Rosie? I think, yeah, I should have done that first. Okay, so let's play that.

I think this would be... I think it'd be stand, and then you have an extra turn on. Because I don't think I really survive another turn, because my hand is small. Why not? Yeah, block it, block it.

Why wouldn't you survive? Just go. Yeah, okay. It's okay, it's okay, I'm good.

But why wouldn't you survive? Well, I guess this won't swing. I could freeze this. But you could potentially go all in with these, with the four swings.

If I swing the block, I don't think I leave these standing to block. But this, we can calculate that. Because then if they block, or you just swing first, and you don't even freeze the Rosie ball, because you want to freeze.

That's another option. So you swing 6-6, and then you freeze blocks, and then you just freeze the ball, and then freeze with the ball another guy. And then you just arrest everything now, yes? Yeah.

Only three swings, and you have 2K-2K. You keep the prisoner up, so you cannot extract. Don't forget about the X-rake.

X-rake, yeah. So Krok is not always protecting you. The safe blocker, yeah.

They don't have any interaction. The only other danger is the rush lock. It can be an extra swing, so don't forget about that.

But this game, we drag for a long time. So sometimes they don't last this long. They need to chain back to back for some reason.

Dragging the game for this long. But the important thing is that you understand the strategy behind. I mean, the main strategy is just whenever we swing, we do it to get a value.

As long as you get value, they will run out of resources. In this game, I saw an insane amount of 2Ks. That's an anomaly, to be honest.

They don't see so many 2Ks every second. So the only thing you care about is the I love you. That's cheating out the 2Ks.

But some games, if they don't see it, or if this is only one, or if they don't see the 2K together with it, it's now they're running only the 2K lower. It's only one of it. If they don't see either one of the other, it's more dangerous.

Because now the problem with this deck is that they do not have access to consistent addition of their laws. They can only add it to Rosinantes. So it's not consistent anymore when it comes down to the forecast law.

Or what else is it? The other forecast law. The laws, they don't have so much consistency. What I will do is... Wait, let me share again.

I will study more the builds that are going around. This game, I also played the Lightning. If I didn't do that, your board pressure would have been much higher.

Because then the crocodile would have sticked there. Because if you see, what you have noticed from this game is that I don't really have any interaction with your board. I can't do anything.

The only thing that I do is just play my 8,000. But my 8,000, most of the times, I need to use a block. So actually, that's why I'm losing the value.

Because that 8,000, I'm never going to use to swing on a 6K. And if I do, the gains that I did, it just discarded two cards. And then it was better for you.

Because then you just save it anyways. And then I don't even have the three blocks. So actually, that card I'm going to lose anyways.

That makes sense. So we still have 10 minutes left. We can briefly check the Yamato matchup.

To be honest, it's quite straightforward. I have a video of it I can show you. But the matchup is very easy, to be honest.

It's just there are some rules you need to follow. And that's it, honestly. There's not much you have to do.

That just feels like one of the decks where I haven't taken the time to really read through all of the cards yet. Yamato? So I'm going to explain briefly. It's very easy.

So Yamato wants to go second. Why? Because they played this card on 6K. And this brings out either the unblockable one or this one.

Against us, they will just play this one. OK? This is just on play. Add back 6K or less from trash.

And then they can play a 2K off the end. 2K they're going to play is either the blocker. This that is going to give minus 2K to a character.

So they can easily trade one of your 6Ks. Or they just play a searcher. If they have searcher and this just to discard one, go to it.

So very easy cards. Now, what the deck does is only one thing. They go face.

There is no interaction. OK? They don't have anything to interact with you. They just play their 8K and they go face.

So what is the best strategy against Yamato? So first of all, you need to know that they have some small combos they can perform. But they can only do that when they reach 9 Dawn. So before the 9 Dawn mark, they cannot do much.

They just do Yamato, play the 8K, and that's it. One of the 8Ks is unblockable. So keep it in mind if you drop to 0 life, it's dangerous.

So I always tend to stay healthy. The other one is annoying because this blocker is very annoying. But since we go wide with the swings, we don't really care about the blocker.

The combo they can perform on 9 Dawn is they play this card for 5. And they play this for 2. And what this does is that they basically play this guy. And this just says, when you play me, draw 1 and sacrifice. And it enables this guy's effect.

And then you just sacrifice this guy. It's going to bring back from trash the 9 plus moment. Yeah, this brings back this.

And this brings back this. That brings back this. So this is the combo, OK? So the main difference with the combo is that this brings from trash.

So this is going to have rush. This is going to have rush. And this is going to have rush.

So it's three swings instead. But if they play Yamato, it's just they play this. And then they bring this.

It's only one swing, OK? If they play this on 9, they just play this. So they have an extra 5, OK? So that's the only difference. Now, the deck is very predictable because they just play on curve.

They always do the same thing. If they don't play this card on curve, they just lose the game 100%. The deck runs a lot of 2Ks.

A lot. So our 6K swings are worse. Sometimes if you have the chance to go 5 and 7, it's better to go 5 and 7. If they don't have a blocker.

Because the 6Ks are not as powerful against this deck. Having this said, the curve usually is like just play small drops. Play the Kinemon.

Play the Yamato into another Yamato into the combo. And that's it. You already know the whole game plan from the start.

If they go first, it's the same. But they do it one turn later. The main difference is that for 7 down, they can do this instead of the Yamato.

This does the same thing. This brings back Yamato from trash. So they have an extra 5K swing.

So it doesn't really matter so much. What is this deck suffering? If you stay healthy in the early game. So if you stay for life, for example, for a long time.

The 8Ks they will need to use to go face. If they keep chasing your board, they will lose 100%. If they go onto your board, it's going to be nice.

If they don't start with these 2Ks, it's going to be an easy moment. Because then they need to chase your small guys as well. Because otherwise they have too much pressure.

So yeah. The deck is this. I can show you a game.

For an example. I think I do lose this game for a misclick. But still, we don't care.

The principle is, as you say, if it starts, it starts. OK. So.

This was my summary version. But it doesn't matter. The principle is the same.

OK. So of course, I grab seconds. Best start is usually as wide as possible, as usual.

And the 2Ks input crop is nice. If they want to play on curve, this crop can be nice on swing. So you're getting some cards in hand.

But your main objective is to always stay as healthy as possible. So if they start 5-lead, I just 1K. If they go 6-lead, I just 2K.

It doesn't matter. So it's the one. The freeze events don't do anything against Yamato.

But the plus 3s are very useful. So for example here, I just counter. I need to stay healthy.

Unless, of course, your hand is total brick. Then you can take it. OK.

I was thinking about it here. But to be honest, the crop is always better. It's a difficult body to trade for them.

And this turn he might as well just block a swing. But even here, if he decides to go, for example, keep him on 6-lead, at least I can just block a 1K. So I save a 2K.

Yeah, exactly. Another thing is that you never keep the blockers up in the early game. Just swing with everything.

Because this matchup is just a race of damage. So from both sides, we need to go face. See, like now I had a free block because he wanted to cycle.

Now it's time for me to go face. I have to swing with everything. And you go 5, 6, 6, 7? Yeah.

OK. Because he also had the block, you know? It's going 7. And I would have been dead before. I think here I used the Samurai.

That's why. But yeah, normally I would go 7. Because he also took the damage. So now I'm OK with that.

But also I wanted to cycle a little bit with my hand. That makes sense. They don't have a lot of free game.

So like this, of course, you let go. Now they will just go with their Yamato or whatever. Play that.

Cycle the guy. Play Yamato. See, like some people, they will do this.

Just minus 2. Of course, if you play against a good player. The average Yamato player cannot count. For example, here it's interesting.

Because this I could have countered as well. Because then he should have gone on the ice. Pretty much the same.

And now he goes 8. If he keeps chasing that board, that's fine. He can just rebuild. Because now his board is basically nothing.

If he goes on this, it's fine. Next turn, we can just go up. The ball, of course, is insane in this match.

They have no way to trade it. And then she can shut down one of the big guys. Here and here, you can just twist that.

I think I was debating here if I wanted to play this Yamato. It's very annoying. But they can still bring it back.

They can just Yamato again and just bring it back. As you can see, I'm still at full life and not in a rush. Once the ball hits the board, the clock becomes very fast.

See, now he goes with the combo. That's why you need to stay healthy. Because otherwise, you'll struggle now.

Also, you can set up that he stand event against Yamato. They have no interaction with you. For example, next turn, I can swing with ball.

I will swing with this guy. We stand. Just playful guys.

And then on the turn after, he's just going to go full face. I counter everything. And then I just body stand.

Just kill. Feel like I stay healthy. If I had 2K, I would have discarded 100%.

Not because I'm weak. I need to take... The ball is not terrible. Of course, also the Mister 3 is insane in this matchup.

I think it's what I played this turn. Probably. It's now I have 4 guys on the board.

So I know the next turn, I can just set up the lead up. Also, I pass this good here. I just need a Luffy here.

Also, in this list, I was playing 12 prisoners and not the Mister 3 or Gimbez. Of course, it's... Yeah, give it to Lucian. Yeah, yeah.

So my lead up is more difficult now. Of course, the next turn, if I go like... Let's say, play the Luffy. And then I go 6, 6, 6, 6... 9. And then we stand.

And I go 6, 6, 6, 7, 7, 9. It's that problem. I'm going to win. I counter everything.

You just counter how much you need. You can just stay as healthy as possible. I know it's just going to be this range.

Oh, yeah. I think what I messed up here was like... I forgot that he could sacrifice this. That's why... Unimportable.

Yeah. No, not even that. Like, I just discarded my counters.

Oh, to save this guy. The next turn, I could have just gone like Fido. Because now he tapped out.

I died randomly. But the important thing is that you understand that this turn is going to come. Because also now, the problem with this game was that I took the turn that I did the combo, I took a lot of damage randomly because my hand was bricked.

But also, these old geese, they used to break much more. But the key is just that one. Stay healthy as much as possible.

It's just the clock for both sides. And then the same approach. You need to inflict damage.

This is a matchup where you'd rather inflict damage than take cats out of his hands. And then if you can chain the boss and the Mr. Face on the 8Ks, you will gain more time. And then you will have time.

The more boss you chain, the easier it will get. Because then you just win with the boss. They cannot do much.

So yeah. Okay. I think people that will play this deck won't be the best players.

So just win the probably because they misplayed. Most of the times. So yeah.

That's that. I hope we covered enough. Yeah, no, definitely.

Nice, nice. And yeah, I made the recording. So if you want to leave it before the tournaments, if you get any questions, just let me know.

And if there is any matchup that we didn't cover that you think it's a question mark, always feel free to text me. Gotcha. Thank you.

I appreciate it. It's been super, super helpful, actually. Nice.

Glad to hear that. Then good luck if we don't hear from each other. And yeah, if you have any questions between the next days, just let me know.

Okay. Will do. Thank you.

Have a nice day, man. Thank you. You too.

Bye-bye. Bye.